:::: {.col-12 .col-md-8 .col-lg-8 .col-xl-7 .py-md-3 .pl-md-4 .bd-content role="main"}
::: {.col-lg-12 .col-md-12 .p-0 .breadcrumbs}
[]{.fa .fa-bars .text-color}

[](https://docs.cplace.io/){aria-label="Knowledge Base Home"}Â  [User
Manual](/user-manual-en/){.docs-space-page} / [Configuring
cplace](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/){.docs-subtopic-page} /
[Configuring
pages/widgets](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/){.docs-subsubtopic-page}
/ [Configuring
widgets](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/widgets-konfigurieren/){.docs-subsubtopic-page}
/ [\"Files\" widget]{.docs-current-page} [
Edit](https://github.com/collaborationfactory/cplace-doc-user-enu/blob/release/25.2/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/widgets-konfigurieren/dateien-widget.md){.edit-btn
.float-end}
:::

# "Files" widget

The "Files" widget enables file attachments to be uploaded to and
downloaded from a page. The file attachments can be assigned to various
attributes of the page using reference attributes with the "File"
element type.

The widget offers three different types of configuration:

- ["Files" widget](#files-widget)
  - [Display all attachments of the
    page](#display-all-attachments-of-the-page)
  - [Display the attachments of an
    attribute](#displaying-the-attachments-of-an-attribute)
  - [Display the attachments of a selected row of a connected
    table](#display-the-attachments-of-a-selected-row-of-a-connected-table)

## Display all attachments of the page

To add the "Files" widget and configure it to display all the file
attachments on the page, proceed as follows:

1.  On the page to which you want to add the widget, click **Page
    Settings** in the page navigation bar to display the available tabs.

2.  Click the **Layout** tab.

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The layout preview for this page is displayed.

3.  Add the widget with the name "Files" at the desired place. For more
    information on adding widgets, see the section ["Adding a widget to
    a page
    layout".](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/widget-zu-seitenlayout-hinzufuegen/)

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The widget is added and displayed in
configuration mode.

4.  (Optional) Enter a title for the widget.

5.  Click **\[Save\]**. Leave the "Table" and "Attribute to attach files
    to" options blank.

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The configuration is saved. The "Files" widget
is set up and displays all file attachments of the page.

## Displaying the attachments of an attribute

To add the "Files" widget and configure it to display an attribute's
attachments, proceed as follows:

1.  On the page to which you want to add the widget, click **Page
    Settings** in the page navigation bar to display the available tabs.

2.  Click the **Layout** tab.

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The layout preview for this page is displayed.

3.  Add the widget with the name "Files" at the desired place. For more
    information on adding widgets, see the section ["Adding a widget to
    a page
    layout".](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/widget-zu-seitenlayout-hinzufuegen/)

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The widget is added and displayed in
configuration mode.

4.  (Optional) Enter a title for the widget.

5.  In the "Attach file to attribute" field, select the attribute to
    which you want to link the "Files" widget. Leave the "Table" option
    blank.

    ::: {.note .note-info .with-title}
    **Only attributes of the type "Reference" with the element type
    "File" can be selected**

    When configuring the "Files" widget, you can only select attributes
    of the "Reference" type with the "File" content type in the "Attach
    files to attribute" option.
    :::

6.  Click **\[Save\]**.

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The configuration is saved. The "Files" widget
is set up and displays the files that have been uploaded to the selected
attribute. Files uploaded in this widget are automatically added to the
configured attribute.

## Display the attachments of a selected row of a connected table

To add the "Files" widget and configure it to display file attachments
of a selected row of a connected table, proceed as follows:

1.  On the page to which you want to add the widget, click **Page
    Settings** in the page navigation bar to display the available tabs.

2.  Click the **Layout** tab.

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The layout preview for this page is displayed.

3.  Add the widget with the name "Files" at the desired place. For more
    information on adding widgets, see the section ["Adding a widget to
    a page
    layout".](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/widget-zu-seitenlayout-hinzufuegen/)

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The widget is added and displayed in
configuration mode.

4.  (Optional) Enter a title for the widget.

5.  In the "Table" option, select the table that you want to connect
    with the "Files" widget.

6.  Click **\[Save\]**.

[]{.fas .fa-check-square} The configuration is saved. The "Files" widget
is set up.\
When a row in the linked table is selected, the file attachments of this
row (page) are displayed.
::::
