:::: {.col-12 .col-md-8 .col-lg-8 .col-xl-7 .py-md-3 .pl-md-4 .bd-content role="main"}
::: {.col-lg-12 .col-md-12 .p-0 .breadcrumbs}
[]{.fa .fa-bars .text-color}

[](https://docs.cplace.io/){aria-label="Knowledge Base Home"}Â  [User
Manual](/user-manual-en/){.docs-space-page} / [Using
cplace](/user-manual-en/cplace-anwenden/){.docs-subtopic-page} /
[Navigating and maintaining an
overview](/user-manual-en/cplace-anwenden/navigieren-und-ueberblick-beh/){.docs-subsubtopic-page}
/ [My Dashboard]{.docs-current-page} [
Edit](https://github.com/collaborationfactory/cplace-doc-user-enu/blob/release/25.2/cplace-anwenden/navigieren-und-ueberblick-beh/mein-dashboard.md){.edit-btn
.float-end}
:::

# My Dashboard

Every user has their own dashboard which they can configure
individually. Here you configure the dashboard in exactly the same way
as you would configure a page layout. You position widgets in the layout
grid and configure these widgets.

## Configuring the layout of the dashboard

You define which widgets are displayed on your dashboard in the layout
of the dashboard. You get to the layout configuration of the dashboard
using the **Layout** tab on the dashboard:

1.  Open the "User Menu".

2.  Choose the "My Dashboard" option.

    []{.fas .fa-check-square} Your dashboard is opened.

3.  Click the **Layout** tab.

    []{.fas .fa-check-square} The layout preview is displayed.

You configure the layout of the dashboard in the same way as you
configure the layout of a page. Read more about this in the section
["Configuring
pages/widgets".](/user-manual-en/cplace-konfigurieren/seiten-widgets-konfiguriere/)

## Special features of "My Dashboard"

The "My Dashboard" page differs from normal pages with regard to the
following points:

**"My Elements" widget:** The "My Elements" widget is only available on
the personal dashboard. This widget shows all the types which have a
reference attribute to users. If your user is selected on a page of
these types in a corresponding reference attribute, this page is
displayed in the "My Elements" widget below the respective type. The
number in brackets after the type description tells you whether there
are corresponding pages. Click the name of the type to open and display
the table of the pages.

**No versions tab:** In contrast to normal pages, the "My Dashboard"
page does not have any versions. For this reason, in contrast to normal
pages, changes to the dashboard layout cannot be undone.
::::
